Heat. Heat.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Monday. God bless everyone in
Jesus name. And as you can see, the
Bitcoin price is getting a pump. Like a
pump I've never seen before. My
goodness. If we go down to the one
minute time frame, it's so insane. Have
you guys ever seen blue candles like
this before in your life? If you
haven't, make sure to smash the like.
And if you have, make sure to smash the
like cuz Bitcoin is absolutely blasting
through this massive level of resistance
with an introverted head and shoulders
pattern. That's right. The introvert
from high school that never had any
friends, never got invited to parties,
never had a girlfriend, is now in his
30s breaking out because he took
everything he made at McDonald's in high
school and invested in Apple stock in
2009. And now he's a billionaire. And
all those hot girls from high school are
trying to get with him now. But he says,
"Forget you hot girls from high school.
You guys are old. You guys are ugly. You
guys had your chance back in high
school. You know what? Forget y'all. All
right. And we are breaking out. Big
shout. Make sure to smash up the likes.
Make sure to smash up the channel and
the likes. Share it on MySpace, baby. We
are pumping right now. We are up right
now. $7,000 from the trade given in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord on June 25th
from the exact low. Given in the moment.
Big shout to the Casper Crew VIP Discord
at Jason Caspertrading.com.
My goodness, I love the feel of a pump
in the morning. Man, I love the feel of
a pump in the morning. You know what? We
need some more hype music up in here.
This This is too hype. This is not hype
enough. Here we go. This is a little bit
more hype.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about
right here.
All right,
I'm going to make it loud for me and
normal for you guys. I need the hype.
Loud music. All right, let's talk about
the Bitcoin price, guys. Big shouts to
everybody in the chat right now. Big
major shout. Look at this. We're hitting
the white line, guys. We're literally
hitting resistance.
Let's see. Big shout out to everybody in
the chat. Big shout out to JK 87. LOL.
The most fun part of being a successful
man in his 30s is denying the women that
denied you in high school.
Shout out to Gnuts who says, "Hoope."
Shout out to Eeron. Snow8215 who says,
"Pump." Shout out to Rpink. Stay away
from high school girls for real. Shout
out to Gety MQ who says, "Moon it."
Shout out to Wow Demir GG who says,
"Yes." Shout out to Maverick Jackson who
says, "We are live, baby." And Virgin
Ray Devito, "Ignore the having cycle at
your own peril." Now we are ready. Shout
out to Juwel OP. We are back, baby. We
are back. Big shout out to Jason Casper
in the chat. God bless you, Jason
Casper. Good to see you here, man. Man,
Jason Casper, you are looking pretty
dang handsome, man. Probably the most
handsome kind in the chat right now,
Jason Casper.
Shout out to my good friend in the chat
Remy Crypto955.
Most likely Bitcoin is going down to 40
to 50K and Geti wants to know the
source. The source treadmill madness. We
are here on the treadmill. Big shout out
to Felix H. Big shout out to Adar
Alik0ero.
Hit the like button. Shout out to
Peekquinada who says hello. Hello. Right
back to you, Pecuanada. Pecuanada.
Pecuanada. Um, yeah. So, here's the
thing, guys. We got to pop right into
the Bitcoin chart as we are pumping, as
we are making thousands of dollars here
live on the internet. We need to go, we
need to start in our monthly time frame,
guys, because it is a brand new month in
the day after tomorrow. All right, in
the day after tomorrow, it is the July.
Happy July 1, everybody. And the reason
why we need to talk about the monthly
candle here is because, well, the
Bitcoin price is doing something quite
extraordinary.
Ever since October 6th, 2025, when we
hit our bull market all-time high, we've
been in a downtrend, making lows, lower
highs, lower lows, lower highs. And what
we really need to focus on right now is
the fact that if the Bitcoin price
closes below this exact level of 59,815
and 40 cents on buy inverse perpetual
USD contracts,
we will be making a lower low with a
candle close on the monthly time frame.
I mean, not only that, guys, but of
course, we're going we are currently
right now, I'd say we are trading within
this range. All right, this is actually
a really important range. You can see
here, right, that we have this old range
from February 2024 all the way until
November 2024. And yeah, we are going to
be making a lower low back inside this
range here, which in my opinion could
take us down to the 40s. All right, but
at least to the mid-50s. and we're going
to be discussing it. Now, on the monthly
time frame, market cipher B, you can see
that although it was looking like we
could print a green dot, which would
signal the end of the bare market, we
got the old floppity flip-flop of the
yellow oscillator.
All right, because with this monthly
candle, we did not continue to see this
thing poignant. It's starting to become
a little bit flaccid here. A little bit
flippity flip flopity flip-flop here.
And pointing back down the butt cheek,
which looked tight, looks like the
glutius maximus was getting firm. Looks
like just kidding.
A butt cheek flop. All right. Floppy
butt cheeks over here on the monthly
time frame. You know, very similar to
looking like what happened over here,
you know, where it looked like the
oscillator was going to curve up, but
then it curved back down and we got
another few months of downside before
Zabolum actually came in. And you know
what? It's very interesting cuz that
happened that happened right around the
summerish time. Right now, remember last
time the low was in November. This time
the low is projected to be in October.
And so really this is happening around
May when we get the flippity flip-flop.
And then you know it's very similar time
frame to uh what we're happening right
now. So it's very interesting. We go to
the weekly time frame and we do have to
acknowledge the fact that for the first
time since November 2022 we have the
potential to form a bullish divergence
here. Remember a bullish divergence is
the price is making lower lows and the
oscillator is making higher lows. All
right, we saw this happening back here.
Price action making lower lows,
oscillator making higher lows. And this,
of course, is known colloquially as the
uneven butt cheek pattern. Big juicy on
the left, full of gravy, ravioli,
ricotta cheese, cottage cheese, full fat
cottage cheese, full fat Greek yogurt
made with the heavy cream. All right? We
don't we don't we don't go low fat
around here. We're not scared of fat
around here. All right? We're not scared
of carbs either. We're not scared of any
macronutrient around here, man. We eat
as much as possible, baby. Big fat on
the left, skinny on the right. You can
clearly see like the Loris at the diner
coming out with her uneven butt cheeks
spilling the coffee all over the floor
as the price is coming down to key
support. The butt cheeks over here tip
money in the right hand side causes the
price to go back up just like the smoke
of the cigarette. Of course, this guy
has it all figured out. He knows exactly
how to read the butt cheeks. This guy
doesn't. All right, he's still working
at his 9 toive job. He's not a trader.
He can't trade. You know why? He doesn't
know the mystery of the glutes.
The secrets of the glutes. You want to
know the secrets of the glutes? Don't
talk to this guy. This guy knows the
secrets of the glutes. All right. Sogg,
as we call it. We call What's up, Sug?
What's up? They call me Young Sug.
That's my rap name. Young Sugg, baby.
Secret of the glutes. Young Sug. Jay
Casper, aka Young Sug, baby up in the
house. Now, for the first time since
November 2022, we are potentially
printing a bullish div here, which means
any drop we get is going to be welcomed
because it's going to be bullish. Now,
we come down to the daily. This is where
things really get interesting. daily
time frame potentially today in exactly
6 hours and 48 minutes and 13 seconds
will confirm a uneven butt cheek pattern
or as they call it in the New England
Journal of Medicine a bullish divergence
right here on our daily time frame
after coming down last week taking the
low and oscillator making a higher low
of course yeah like we gave the danks
trade in the moment in the Casper crew
VIP Discord 25th at 10:00 a.m. trade
still opened up $7,300.
All right,
now here's the thing.
In order for this to turn bullish,
we need to see some things happen. All
right, cuz this is where things really
get intense here. Right now,
what's really what's really important
and we are struggling. There is a big
struggle here. You can tell we've been
sitting here since Thursday doing
nothing. This is not, in my opinion,
bullish at all until we can really
reclaim the value area low of this range
around $62,000. We need a clean break
and hold above $62,000. Why 62,000?
Well, it's very simple. Ever since the
beginning of June, all right, this is
all the month of price action here for
Bitcoin. The market has determined the
fair value of Bitcoin to be between the
prices of 75243
and about 62100. All right, it's the
fair value zone for Bitcoin. Anything
above, we expect to move back inside the
fair value zone. Right? Anything above,
we expect to move back inside the fair
value zone. Anything below, we expect to
move back inside the fair value zone.
Now, here's what's happened here. All
right,
we got our move below undervalued
Bitcoin. We got our move back inside,
but then we got a rejection. All right,
we got a rejection from here.
And and this rejection guys, I'm sorry.
This is uh this is since February, not
since June. This is since February's
price action. This since February's
price action. This rejection gave us a
lower low. And as long as we are unable
to reclaim this, this is a very weak
looking price action because we had our
opportunity to come back inside. We had
our opportunity to back test the fair
value zone low and get a move back up
here, but it didn't happen. Instead,
what happened? We back test the fair
value zone, the orange line, lower high.
Boom. lower low. So we need to see quick
follow through here. We need to see
today, tomorrow or Wednesday the price
reclaim. If not, this is a sign of
weakness. The fact that we are down here
consolidating for days is a sign of
weakness. All right, the money flow on
the daily is coming down.
This green dot doesn't look too
convincing for me. So what is my plan?
Well, obviously I took the long trade.
We're up 8 grand. Given in the moment in
the Casper crew at
jasonaspertradingrading.com.
Click the link to join the community.
All right. My plan with this guys is to
just wait and see what happens. Now, why
did we take the long trade from that
low? The reason we took the long trade
from that low is because we had a
confluence of levels at this area. And
this is very important. Pay attention to
this. All right. This is very, very
important. You can see that over here we
had a high volume node on the monthly
candle. All right? high volume on a
monthly candle, a naked monthly point of
control that goes all the way back to
2024.
All right, let's put this on our chart.
We also, if we go to the daily time
frame
and we go back to that zone all the way
back in 2024.
All right, let's see if we can find it
here. We also had a daily order block
coming in right here. Like literally
right here.
So, we had a really nice confluence
and we came down and we got the bounce
from that level pretty much to the
dollar, right? We look at our oscillator
and you can see the reason why I took
the trade is because well, the money
flow on the 4 hour is getting higher.
The momentum waves on the 4 hour are
getting higher and my mind process was
look we haven't hit the 618 the more the
bigger more important level we didn't
hit but we did hit the naked monthly
point of control.
All right, I'm going to look for another
long if we get another drop. Now,
the what we didn't hit when we came down
to this level was the macro golden
pocket. The macro golden pocket is
basically the Fibonacci pool. If we take
it from November 2022 low to the October
5th, 2025 high,
right? This is the Fibonacci golden
pocket between 542 and 577. Now, we
front ran the actual 618
Right, the 618 Fibonacci retrace, we
didn't touch the level. Now, most of the
time when you front run a high time
frame level like this 90% of the time,
it means the bounce you get is going to
be a fake deadcat bounce and then really
we just roll over and fall through the
level most of the time. All right, so am
I super bullish right now on this long
trade? The answer is no. What would turn
me bullish on this long trade? Well,
it's one of those trades where
I've taken the trade because I had an
entry, right? I had an entry. I had a
valid entry, a valid stop-loss, valid
target. My target really would need to
be around here at $74ish,000 back
towards the top of the range, right?
Where I'm trading this as if it's from
the low of the range to the high of the
range to the low of the range to the
high of the range, right? I would not
get ultra confident on this trade to be
honest unless we're coming back in
holding above $62,500.
And really, if we're making a higher
high here, and then we come back down
for another back test, then I would
actually get super bullish. I would look
to compound the trade. If I saw a back
test of this area, I would add to my
position so that my new entry would be
around here. I would probably move my
stop loss underneath wherever we bounce
from on that back test, and I would
target up to these highs. Until that
happens, I'm holding the trade and I'm,
you know, I've got the risk on, right?
And I'm willing to take the risk. Of
course, we've d-risked a little bit. We
hit a TP1 in the Casper crew and we're
letting the rest ride. Now, here's the
deal.
We also have to understand that not only
did we front run the Fibonacci golden
pocket, but if we look at all the price
action that we have traded since
December 2020,
look at what else we front ran. We front
ran the high volume node, the PC of
everything since basically January 2021.
I we are talking 5 and a half years of
price action here. The highest volume
node, the most buying and selling in the
last 5 and a half years. We front ran
that as well. Okay, this is a very very
very key
support.
So what does this mean? This means this
week if we get another drop, I am going
to be looking for a bounce from around
this area here, right? If we come down
into this golden pocket and again this
is a pretty big zone and I I have
specific plans in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord of how I'm looking to get in
here and specific levels on but this is
a 6% zone to the downside. This is a
very important support. If we get
another drive to the downside here,
right? Let's say we come up, we reject,
and we come down here. This is really
where we need to be watching because if
we see that we are bouncing from this
high volume node confluence with a macro
golden pocket from bare market bottom to
bull market top that gives us a valid
trade entry trigger right where we would
be looking for something like this.
And honestly in this instance here the
first place I would look for is
something like this a move back up to
the top of this local range. And then
eventually I would be looking for why
not a move back up to the top of the
more macro range around the mid70s.
Right? So this could really turn into a
big swing trade if we come down into
this zone. Target one would have to be
around here, right? The local range
high. Target two, more macro range high.
And then we'd have to play it by ear
depending on how our monthly look and
blah blah blah blah blah. Okay? But this
is definitely something to be aware of
because it's a massive support. Now, not
only is it a massive support based on
the high volume, no, but look at this. I
mean, would you look at this? Look at
all of this volume that we traded here.
Since this area, we've got our value
area low of the range down there as
well. So, you can see this golden pocket
is not just any old golden pocket. It's
a golden pocket, a Fibonacci level with
massive volume confluence.
All right, massive volume confluence.
So, it's definitely something that we
need to be aware of. And also, we do
need to be aware of the fact that if we
don't hold this, guys, we could see the
price get a much larger move to the
downside. All right, we don't hold this
level. Our next big target is going to
be around $47,000,
right? Because look at the volume,
right? Why do I say 47,000? Because if
we don't hold this high volume node at
confluence with the low volume node
here, right? Then our next big target is
going to be right here based on the
volume. That's going to be around just
taking out the lows here, right? Dipping
into the high 40s. All right. And of
course, if we don't hold the high 40s,
then our next Hang on. What What is
going on with my mouse here? I've got a
mouse malfunction here. All right. I've
got a legit mouse malfunction.
I've got an uh
I've got a dysfunction here, guys.
We don't hold the 47 level. I say we're
dipping down, dipping just below 40K to
our 786 with the next place we have a
high volume node uh right around the
786. All right. So you can see this is a
very very very crucial area for us to
hold right here. Now again, the cycles
for the bull market, just to reiterate
my bare market target, if I had to put
money on it, right?
If I was a betting man, I would say we
probably bottom out right where we
always bottom out, which is 365 days
after the all-time high, right? Look at
this. You take from the all-time high,
you pull 365 days pretty much every
single time. This time was a little bit
off here, right? But e ever since, you
know, 2014, it was a little bit more. It
was a little bit more than 365 days,
right? But here from 2018 top to 2019
bottom, exactly 365 days. The 2021 top
to the 2022 bottom, exactly 365 days.
And not only that, but we're bottoming
out around the 786 Fibonacci, which
would put us around $38,000 in the
beginning of October. Now, again, it's
not perfect cuz it didn't really happen
over here. We kind of hit that 365 day
mark and then we had another drop,
right? But but
in general, right, this is a cycle
that's repeating. And so, yeah, I would
be looking for our bottom to come in in
a few months within this green box I
have drawn out here. And this green box
that I have drawn out here are the three
major levels that we are looking for in
the event of other drops. Now what if
what if the bottom is in now, right?
What if the bottom is in now? It could
be bottom could be in now. The way I
would say, and when I say the bottom, I
I I'm not necessarily talking about the
bottom for Bitcoin. I really don't think
the bottom for Bitcoin is in now. But
let's say a local bottom is in now and
we're not going to get our drop this
week down into the 50s. Um, what would I
really want to see? Well,
at least
at least I would want to see something
like this, right? I'd want to see
something like this, maybe a higher low
coming in. Then I'd say, you know what,
we have some local kind of strength
here. But the the much better level to
look for where I'd expect much more
upside would really have to be the
reclaim of the more macro February range
and a higher high here. And again, I'm
not saying you should long just because
the price comes and makes a higher high
here. What I am saying is this then
switches my bias a little bit where I
would look on a back test to add to the
long trade that I'm in from down here,
right? Or look for a new long trade from
a back test, right? We're not just
longing cuz we're up here. This changes
our bias to say, okay, now that we have
a local sign of strength, we can look
for a long on a pullback. Now that we've
entered into an uptrend on these lower
time frames, if the trend is our friend,
now we can look for a long entry in the
event of a pullback. Right? You don't
just long the top because we made a
higher high, right? You don't just long
the higher highs. You don't just long
the higher high, right? You don't just
long the higher high. You know, you wait
for a pullback, right? That's what you
got to do. That's what you got to do.
All right, we are up eight grand on the
trade and we got to give a big shout out
to everybody in the chat.
Um, all right, Buoyant is long on
Antarctic 100x with Code Jay. Shout out
to Boyant.
Uh, you heard Jay gets all these moves
in advance in the dang Casper crew. In
the dang Casper crew for sure. For sure.
No way. 50K is the bottom. 30K is way
too low. Yeah, my my bottom my preferred
bottom for Bitcoin is coming in just
dipping below 40K. And my reasoning for
this is the following. Um, just look at
what's happened in the past. Like I've
been here I've been here since I've been
in Bitcoin. I've been in crypto since
right here. Okay,
this is right around the time I got into
Bitcoin myself. Okay, so we're talking
2016 summertime. Summertime 2016 getting
into into Bitcoin. Okay, when we were
down here,
everybody was saying we're going to come
lower. All right, up here, everyone said
we're going to come higher. People were
calling for 30K
at the top here. And and rightfully so.
I mean, you have to put yourself back
there because,
man,
like this these were some euphoric
times. I
look at this. I mean, Bitcoin hits
$10,000,
$10,000 Bitcoin in in November. All
right. Literally, three weeks later,
we're basically up 100%.
3 weeks later, we're at 20K. I mean, the
the the euphoria was real. The thing
2xed in 3 weeks, guys.
All right. So, people call for 30K.
Then, of course, you know, buy the dip,
bro.
you know, oh, we're so back, man. I
remember those days. Buy the dip, bro.
We're so back. You know, buy the dip.
I'm telling you, it's the final fake
out. Then here, you know, the bottom's
definitely in. We're not going to lose
5K, right? Then we have all this
nonsense. Then we come down here and
people are freaking out. People are
calling for $1,000. And now, why were
people calling for $1,000? People were
calling for $1,000 because $1,000 was a
very, very, very key psychological level
for Bitcoin. It was the major support
resistance flip,
right?
It's funny how bullish people get at the
top and how bearish people get the lows.
But of course, we didn't come down to
1,000. We came down to 3K. That was the
low. I remember here people were calling
for $13,000 Bitcoin, $10,000, Bitcoin,
$9,000. Why? Why were they calling for
it? Well, because it made a lot of
sense. It made a lot of sense. Look at
the $13,000 level. It was a very key
resistance here. Very key resistance
here. Very very key resistance here. All
right, between 9 to 13,000. There's a
whole bunch of other, but we didn't do
that, right? We didn't come down that
low. Just 15K. Well, now what's the
obvious level? The obvious level is
30,000.
Support resistance flip bull market
support, bare market resistance. Once we
are down in this area, I'm telling you,
people are going to get super bearish.
People are going to say, "Look, there's
no support here. There's no support here
at all until 30K. Right? There's very,
very little support here even, right?
So, I don't think we're going to come
down to the obvious level. I think we're
going to front run it. And pretty much
every time we frontr run it and we
bounce from that 786ish level. So,
that's why I suspect we dip below 40K,
find our support around here, and then
we head back into a bull market. All
right, that's kind of what I suspect.
That's what I pect.
What I prospect. All right.
That's what I prospect. All right. But
what do I know? I'm just a guy on the
treadmill. I'm just a guy on the
treadmill. What do I know?
Micro strategy will fill the gap. Yeah.
So, M Michael Sailor is going to get
liquidated. That will also be a bottom
signal. You know,
that will also be a bottom signal. Let's
check out Micro Strategy.
Wow. So, Micro Strategy is getting a
nice bounce right from the box. Major
support resistance flip here. Um,
let's check out
Did we have a gap on the weekly?
This is a This actually is a very nice
area of support.
And I would say though
uh if this support doesn't hold, our
next major support on Micro Strategy is
going to be coming down at around 60
$60.
That's going to be our macro Fibonacci
golden pocket. That's going to be the
previous range value area high. But
right now, we are bouncing from this
support resistance flip. And we
we didn't quite fill the fair value gap.
So right now we do have a fair value gap
on this weekly that would be filled
right here. We just barely front ran it.
Maybe some might consider that filled.
You can see we had this fair value gap
here on the weekly will be filled here
at $80.95.
We have the weekly order block at 6874.
Then we have the previous range value
area high at around $60 confluence with
the Fibonacci golden pocket
which could get us to come back down to
you know potentially $50. 50 is a very
nice level for a number of reasons. We
have this resistance April 2022
we have it again here and then when we
finally
got the big breakout you know this
weekly candle could easily fill all the
way back down to this little zone around
$50 in the golden pocket. It is very
interesting.
It would not surprise me if I don't know
if Michael Cedar will get liquidated,
but it wouldn't surprise me if Micro
Strategy has to sell quite a bit or
something tragic happens with Micro
Strategy. that would push Bitcoin and
Micro Strategy to much lower prices,
which would act as the catalyst for the
big capitulation for the bare market
bottom, similar to what we saw in 2022
when FTX goes under and what most people
thought was the CEO of Bitcoin
uh turned out to be a scammer, right? We
had this last big capitulation
and then literally if you guys remember
November and December of 2021 2020 I'm
sorry 2022
it was super low volatility. I think I
took like zero trades in December
because price literally was in like 1%
range here.
Um, yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if we
s see something very similar like that
happening as we move into the September
October
area. And man, look at this Bitcoin
price pumping right now. We're up almost
9 grand on the trade given in the Casper
Crew VIP Discord, right? Pretty crazy.
Also, guys, quick reminder, KSEX $21,000
deposit bonus, plus all these cool
rewards with the lowest fees possible.
Link in the description if you want to
trade with the lowest fees. No KYC, no
VPN. Also, I'm trading on Antarctic if
you use my link. 0% limit order, 0.02%
market order, decentralized exchange
that operates like a like a centralized
exchange, guys, a beautiful mobile app
and all that good stuff. Plus, it's blue
and purple. My favorite colors. All
right, my favorite colors. Shout out to
Thomas 54 SLLL and Jesse Gellic in the
chat. Shout out to Beluga the cat who
says, "We got liquidity
at 599." Liquidity at 599
really
I guess to come to come back test this
yellow line back test the yellow line
liquidity
why do you go long when we going to dump
look at lick
I'm long from the bottom bro I'm long
from
uh June 25th 5th at 10:02 a.m. and I
could right now close this trade for for
a a juicy profit. All right. So,
I could close the trade right now for a
juicy profit.
So, I'm just here to wait and see,
right? It's a game of wait and see,
baby.
Yeah.
Smash up the likes. Cryptoclown says, "I
feel like everyone wants Taylor's
Downfall. I kind of don't get it to be
honest.
Um, I think people want a nice bottom
signal. I think that's what it is. And I
think people recognize these days
that when somebody claims that their
model can't fail or is too good to be
true, it's a harbinger of destruction.
All right, let's just be honest. We've
seen this happen so many times within
the crypto space.
dropping anchor VWOP and then November
22 low 58K. Interesting. So, let's check
it out. Bare market low.
Anchor VWOP.
Uh on Bybit, it's not the case. On Bit,
we're below that. Yesesh.
Let's check it on Coinbase.
Okay, Coinbase.
Big shout out to Coinbase. Yeah,
Coinbase. We We are just front running
it. Add adds much more confidence to the
level just below here. You know what I'm
saying?
Just below here.
Yeah, Coinbase. Good old Coinbase. Big
shout out to Divine Hood, guys. Make
sure to go subscribe to Divine Hood. on
YouTube. All right, the dude is the man.
All right, Divine Hood's the man. He's
the man with the plan.
All right, he's got the macro time frame
analysis down in his hand. All right,
macro time frame down in his hand. He's
the man with the plan.
All right, his name's Divine Hood, not
Stan.
Let's check out the order flow.
I got a fly around here trying to zap it
with this bug zapper.
Know if I'll be able to zap it.
>> No, I couldn't get it. It's a shame.
It's a shame. All right, let's check out
the order flow here.
15minute time frame. Wow.
Chop city, consolidation city here. Look
at all the longs that opened up right
here. Look at all the longs that opened
up right here. And this one candle. 200
million longs in this one candle.
Another man, let's let's call it 200
million longs
opening up in these three candles. We
have quite a few longs longing here. We
got quite a few buyers popping on in,
guys, in this zone. Very interesting.
Other than that, shorts are kind of out
of the picture. Shorts are closing,
longs are opening.
Very interesting, man. We are going to
get a big move. We are consolidating for
El Eluo Grande, as we say in Espanol.
All right, Elo Grande.
Uh,
>> you've been watching that Coinbase
anchor VWAP for a while, says Divine
Hood. Big shout out to Custy Made in the
chat.
Big shout. Imagine selling 59K.
Well, I had someone comment on my video
yesterday that said, "You should sell
all your Bitcoin now and put it into
something better." And I I said, "Let me
get this straight." He said he said,
"Most people don't have money for
crypto. Therefore, you should sell all
your crypto now and put it into
something different. I said, "Wait a
second. Because most people don't have
money to buy crypto, therefore you
should sell at the bottom and put it
into something else."
I don't know. I don't know. The Clarity
Act is going to wreck shorts.
Let's complete 200 likes. Yeah, let's
complete 200 likes, guys. We We have
almost 600 watchers. We We have 600
watchers. Can we get Can we get 200
likes? Lamova Grande. Yeah. Eluvo
Grande.
Yeah. It's It's masculine. Eluvo, not
Lamova.
Not Not Lamuida.
Any giveaway coming? Well, we're going
to be doing tons of giveaways in the
future. So, make sure to stick around,
like, subscribe, click the bell for
notifications, all that good juicy
stuff. Man, it's a hot, humid day. I'm
hot. I'm I'm I'm dripping in sweat right
now, guys. I'm literally dripping in
sweat.
Uh,
>> my Spanish friends really like when I
say mucho. They say it means a lot to
them. Thank you, Bitcoin Harpist. I
appreciate the dad joke. Myself being a
middle-aged white man, father of four,
you know, so I appreciate it. Um,
shout out to everyone who liked the
video. What exchanges do I recommend?
Right now, I'm I'm trading on KSEX and
Antarctic. KSEX and Antarctic. Lowest
fees, easiest on-ramps, all that good
stuff. All right.
They do really do have low fees, by the
way. I also trade on Blofin
and
I think a few others, but really those
are my main three. Blowin, Antarctic,
and good old KSX. All right.
>> Blowin AX.
KX.
All right.
>> Shout out to Felix H who made progress
on the funded account. That's what's up.
>> Am I Dominican? Nah, I'm not. I am Cuban
though. A little bit Cuban.
The people that can't smash the like are
the same people that can't smash the buy
button when it's time to buy. Yeah,
seriously. Uh, too euphoric for less
than 61K.
I give it one week. Well, let's see what
we can get in the week. Uh, Bob Saget,
let's see.
Uh,
your temperature is back to normal. 69
instead of 106. Is that Fahrenheit? If
that's not Fahrenheit, I think you'd be
dead,
you know.
I think you'd probably be dead if that
was not Fahrenheit.
Yeah, I hear it's been hot in a lot of
places. Has it been hot in a lot of
places, guys? It's been hot by me, but I
like the heat. I welcome the heat. I
hate the cold.
Hot over cold any day. I mean, people
can freeze to death.
Um, more people die in the winter than
the summer. I mean, the summer, just go
in the shade, take off your clothes,
and drink some water. You'll be all
right. You know what I'm saying? Uh, the
winter, go in the shade, take off some
clothes, and you'll die of hypothermia.
You get what I'm saying? The summer, go
out and pick the food from the garden.
The winter, go out and there's no food,
and you'll freeze to death. You know
what I'm saying?
In the summer, just get water from the
well. In the winter, the well's frozen,
the pipes,
everything freezes. Man, winter is
death. I I hate the winter so much. You
know, I could sit here and talk for
hours about how much I hate the winter.
In fact, maybe the next the rest the
rest of this live stream
is going to be me talking about how much
I hate the winter. Maybe it'll be me
talking about a bedet. Do I have a
bedet? Of course, I only recommend using
a bedet. All right. If you're still
using toilet paper to wipe your dang
butt,
man. You got to get a bedet. They're
cheap and get one on Amazon. You know
what I'm saying?
You got to get yourself a butt sprayer.
You got to get yourself a dang butt
sprayer. That's the only way to get
clean.
That's the only way to get clean, man.
You got two options in life. Either you
walk around whole bunch of dingleberries
stuck in your butthole covered in poop
or you walk around with a fresh, clean,
cleanly sprayed butthole without any
debris, without any feal debris. Which
one would you rather have? Which one
would you rather have? If you have to be
a human and poop every day or in my
case, three, four times a day since I'm
eating like 5,000 calories a day high
fiber diet.
What do you want to have?
You know, you want to be known as Jason
Dingleberry
or you want to be known as Jason the
butt sprayer guy. You know what I'm
saying?
You guys get what I'm saying, right?
You guys get what I'm saying? Cold makes
you strong and active. Warm makes you
lazy and fat. I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know if that's
true. I think I know more fat I I I know
more fat people in the winter than I do
in the in the warm. You know what I'm
saying? Go to the Bahamas. Go to the
Caribbean. I I don't really see a lot of
local people walking around fat. I'll
tell you who I do see a lot of fat
people walking around are all the
Americans escaping the winter to go down
to the Bahamas.
You know what I'm saying?
Here we go, baby. Bitcoin pumping. Let
me sniff the sandals. All right.
you haven't graduated from wet wipes to
uh bedet. Well, let me tell you, Dave
Digital, wet wipes are a great step. All
right, but uh that's like the halfway
house. All right, and if you're if you
live a a mobile lifestyle like I used to
live in a vehicle, wet wipes are the way
to go. All right,
but uh
but yeah, you you should make the move,
man. You should make the move. Telling
you, it'll change your life.
It was cold. It's a cold winter. It's
been a cold winter. And you were skinny
in the cold. Yeah, it's tough to be
skinny in the cold. It's tough to be
skinny in the summer, too.
But uh
shout out to Dr. Rex who loves winter
and summer. Good for you. I'm happy for
you. I wish I was you.
I wish I was you.
Just splash water from a bowl. Yeah.
Another thing you could do is you could
do you could ground pound like Super
Mario 64
a technique where you jump up in the air
and then land on your butt in a giant
bowl of water and the water splashes all
over the floor and makes a giant mess,
but it'll totally clean everything you
need to get clean. All right.
Um,
men can handle the cold and wipe their
butt. Toilet paper or wipes. No shooting
up the butt. Well, I guess Mr. Rogers,
I guess I'm not a man then. You know, I
guess I'm just not a man. I hate the
cold and I hate toilet paper. You know
what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying? What do I
think of Tao? I have no idea. I have no
idea. I don't have any thoughts. All
right.
I have no thoughts.
But um but yeah,
>> no splash, no cash. That's what's up.
That's what's up. That's what's up.
Yeah.
>> Yeah. But look guys, you know what?
I think that's all I got for today. I
don't really have much else to talk
about except butt sprayers. And when it
when it devolves into that, I might as
well say God bless you guys. Hope you
have a wonderful Monday and I'll see you
guys tomorrow. Peace.